The Docker setup for PHP

## Goals

This service provides an activation mechanism and relies on data encryption using asymmetric RSA cipher.

## Requirements

1. Installed Docker and docker-compose.

## Project startup

All shortcut commands included in the makefile script.
Run `make help` to view them.
 
1. Execute `make start` (or if _make_ is not present or you're using Windows just type manually `docker-compose up -d`) to start the project. 
By default, __API__ will run on 8080 port.
__phpMyAdmin__ panel is located at http://localhost:8085 (root/root).
Mysql starting takes some time, so it won't be available for logging in instantly.

2. Sign in to __phpMyAdmin__ to be sure that our database is ready. Execute `make db-init` from the console to create an activation database with required tables.
(or manually perform the initial SQL script `db.sql` placed in the project root by phpMyAdmin)

3. Visit a testing page at http://localhost:8080/web/example/serial.php
This page helps to generate new serial quickly and test its activation.

4. Generate a new serial number using the first form on this page.

5. Try to activate the serial generated recently using the second form. Copy the serial number from the __User serial__ table and paste it to this form and write any string to __PC hash__  field. 

6. Apply the second form and check that the serial number has been activated successfully. 
 
_It would be better to secure or totally remove this page later._

<hr>

http://localhost:8080/web/upload.php - web page for manual activation via file generated by main application.